ServiceNow Service Catalog v2.5.0 updates, Washington DC updates. (#567)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/integrations/service-now/service-catalog-terraform/service-catalog-config.mdx

repositories will be available in the "VCS Repository" dropdown menu a user
orders new workspaces through the following items in the Terraform Catalog:

- **Create Workspace**
- **Create Workspace with Variables**
- **Provision Resources**
- **Provision Resources with Variables**

### No-Code Module Configuration

In version 2.5.0 and newer, ServiceNow administrators can configure
Catalog Items using [no-code
modules](/terraform/cloud-docs/no-code-provisioning/provisioning). This release
introduces two new additions to the Terraform Catalog - no-code workspace
create and update Items. Both utilize no-code modules from the private registry
in HCP Terraform to enable end users to request infrastructure without writing
code.

<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:pnp-callout -->
@include 'tfc-package-callouts/nocode.mdx'
<!-- END: TFC:only name:pnp-callout -->

The following Catalog Items allow you to build and manage workspaces with
no-code modules:
- **Provision No-Code Workspace and Deploy Resources**: creates a new Terraform
  workspace based on a no-code module of your choice, supplies required variable
  values, runs and applies Terraform.

> - **Update No-Code Workspace and Deploy Resources**: updates a previously

Reviewer: Suggesting the same phrasing as above:
```suggestion
- **Update No-Code Workspace and Deploy Resources**: Updates an existing no-code workspace to the most recent no-code module version, updates that workspace's attached variable values, and then starts a new Terraform run.   
```
